#766 Consistently using verbs in titles (#1038)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.6/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/set-up-cloud-providers/configure-in-tree-vsphere.md

---

> title: Configuring an In-tree vSphere Cloud Provider

Author: ```suggestion
title: Setting Up an In-tree vSphere Cloud Provider
```
